ctx-lh-bankssts                         Temporal
ctx-lh-caudalanteriorcingulate          Frontal
ctx-lh-caudalmiddlefrontal              Frontal
ctx-lh-cuneus                           Occipital
ctx-lh-entorhinal                       Temporal
ctx-lh-fusiform                         Temporal
ctx-lh-inferiorparietal                 Parietal
ctx-lh-inferiortemporal                 Temporal
ctx-lh-isthmuscingulate                 Parietal
ctx-lh-lateraloccipital                 Occipital
ctx-lh-lateralorbitofrontal             Frontal
ctx-lh-lingual                          Occipital
ctx-lh-medialorbitofrontal              Frontal
ctx-lh-middletemporal                   Temporal
ctx-lh-parahippocampal                  Temporal
ctx-lh-paracentral                      Frontal
ctx-lh-parsopercularis                  Frontal
ctx-lh-parsorbitalis                    Frontal
ctx-lh-parstriangularis                 Frontal
ctx-lh-pericalcarine                    Occipital
ctx-lh-postcentral                      Parietal
ctx-lh-posteriorcingulate               Parietal
ctx-lh-precentral                       Frontal
ctx-lh-precuneus                        Parietal
ctx-lh-rostralanteriorcingulate         Frontal
ctx-lh-rostralmiddlefrontal             Frontal
ctx-lh-superiorfrontal                  Frontal
ctx-lh-superiorparietal                 Parietal
ctx-lh-superiortemporal                 Temporal
ctx-lh-supramarginal                    Parietal
ctx-lh-frontalpole                      Frontal
ctx-lh-temporalpole                     Temporal
ctx-lh-transversetemporal               Temporal
ctx-lh-insula                           Insular
Left-Cerebellum-Cortex                  Subcortical
Left-Thalamus-Proper                    Subcortical
Left-Caudate                            Subcortical
Left-Putamen                            Subcortical
Left-Pallidum                           Subcortical
Left-Hippocampus                        Subcortical
Left-Amygdala                           Subcortical
Left-Accumbens-area                     Subcortical
Right-Thalamus-Proper                   Subcortical
Right-Caudate                           Subcortical
Right-Putamen                           Subcortical
Right-Pallidum                          Subcortical
Right-Hippocampus                       Subcortical
Right-Amygdala                          Subcortical
Right-Accumbens-area                    Subcortical
ctx-rh-bankssts                         Temporal
ctx-rh-caudalanteriorcingulate          Frontal
ctx-rh-caudalmiddlefrontal              Frontal
ctx-rh-cuneus                           Occipital
ctx-rh-entorhinal                       Temporal
ctx-rh-fusiform                         Temporal
ctx-rh-inferiorparietal                 Parietal
ctx-rh-inferiortemporal                 Temporal
ctx-rh-isthmuscingulate                 Parietal
ctx-rh-lateraloccipital                 Occipital
ctx-rh-lateralorbitofrontal             Frontal
ctx-rh-lingual                          Occipital
ctx-rh-medialorbitofrontal              Frontal
ctx-rh-middletemporal                   Temporal
ctx-rh-parahippocampal                  Temporal
ctx-rh-paracentral                      Frontal
ctx-rh-parsopercularis                  Frontal
ctx-rh-parsorbitalis                    Frontal
ctx-rh-parstriangularis                 Frontal
ctx-rh-pericalcarine                    Occipital
ctx-rh-postcentral                      Parietal
ctx-rh-posteriorcingulate               Parietal
ctx-rh-precentral                       Frontal
ctx-rh-precuneus                        Parietal
ctx-rh-rostralanteriorcingulate         Frontal
ctx-rh-rostralmiddlefrontal             Frontal
ctx-rh-superiorfrontal                  Frontal
ctx-rh-superiorparietal                 Parietal
ctx-rh-superiortemporal                 Temporal
ctx-rh-supramarginal                    Parietal
ctx-rh-frontalpole                      Frontal
ctx-rh-temporalpole                     Temporal
ctx-rh-transversetemporal               Temporal
ctx-rh-insula                           Insular
Right-Cerebellum-Cortex                 Subcortical
